feat: callback (#4)
defi-wonderland/aztec-patterns: patterns/callback/README.md

# Callback Pattern

This is an example of callback patterns in Aztec.

In this example, the callback effect is to set a value note for the original sender, Alice.

Two types of callback are demonstrated: atomic and asynchronous.

There are 2 contracts and 2 parties involved:
- Alice: initiate the flow and receive the effect of the callback
- Bob: trigger the logic on the callbacker contract, if the callback is async (see below)
- call_me_back contract: initiate the flow, calls callbacker and receive the callback
- callbacker contract: either store a pending callback (later resolved by bob) or trigger the callback immediately (if the callback is atomic)

- The atomic callback flow is as follow:
Alice calls new_atomic_call on call_me_back contract, which calls call_me_now on the resolver contract, which calls the callback function on call_me_back contract.

- The async callback flow is as follow:
Alice calls new_async_call on call_me_back contract, which calls queue_new_call on the resolver contract and stores the pending callback (in a note for Bob).
Later, Bob calls resolve on the resolver contract, which calls the callback function on call_me_back contract.

> 

Reviewer: I would add here a small drawing/graph (quick figma or excalidraw work) perhaps showcasing both flows and mention example usages for both so it's more concrete to the reader.  For example, a flashloan sounds like a good example that uses the atomic callback pattern, while a oracle request is a good example of the async callback pattern. 

Also, let's add lists if we can to make the process easier to follow and format things like functions with the `code_thing`, same as contract names

### Real world example

> - [Private oracle](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/aztec-private-oracle): this oracle implementation provides an extra field for an optional callback which is triggered when the oracle is updated (async callback).

Reviewer: I would make this more explicit because I think people will look at this. Something like this:
```suggestion
- [Private oracle](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/aztec-private-oracle): This oracle implementation uses the async callback pattern. A user can ask a question to the oracle and that question is shared with an address called `divinity`. That `divinity` will receive a note with the question, and when it has the answer it will call `submit_answer` to the oracle. 
This function, in turn, will trigger a callback to the contract where the question came from. By doing this, it allows the contract to make use of that answer.```
